WRT-1685: Add indicator examples (#1912)
tradingview/lightweight-charts: website/tutorials/analysis-indicators.mdx

#### Example

The example below shows how to add an Exponential Moving Average (EMA) with the helper function.

```ts
import { createChart, CandlestickSeries, LineStyle } from 'lightweight-charts';
import { applyMovingAverageIndicator } from './indicators/moving-average/moving-average';
import { symbolData } from './my-data-source';

const chart = createChart(document.body);
const mainSeries = chart.addSeries(CandlestickSeries);
mainSeries.setData(symbolData.slice(0, 100)); // Set initial data

// 1. Apply the indicator directly to the source series
const emaSeries = applyMovingAverageIndicator(mainSeries, {
	length: 10,
	source: 'close',
	smoothingLine: 'EMA',
});

// 2. (Optional) Customize the new indicator series
emaSeries.applyOptions({
	color: 'orange',
	lineWidth: 2,
	lineStyle: LineStyle.Dotted,
});

// Now, when we update the mainSeries, the emaSeries will update automatically
setInterval(() => {
    const nextBar = getNextRealTimeBar();
    mainSeries.update(nextBar); // The EMA series will update itself
}, 1000);
```

The `apply…` helper attaches a lightweight `ISeriesPrimitive` to the source series.
This primitive subscribes to the series' data changes.

> When a change is detected, it re-fetches the data, runs the calculation, and updates the indicator series automatically.

Reviewer: ?
```suggestion
When a change is detected, it refetches the data, runs the calculation, and updates the indicator series automatically.
```

Each indicator includes a `calculate…` function (e.g., `calculateMovingAverageIndicatorValues`).
This is a pure function that takes your series data and a set of options as input and returns an array of calculated data points for the indicator.

This method is useful if you have a static dataset or want full control over when the indicator is recalculated.

#### Example

The example below shows how to add a Simple Moving Average (SMA).

```ts
import { createChart, LineSeries, CandlestickSeries } from 'lightweight-charts';
import { calculateMovingAverageIndicatorValues } from './indicators/moving-average/moving-average-calculation';
import { symbolData } from './my-data-source';

const chart = createChart(document.body);
const mainSeries = chart.addSeries(CandlestickSeries);
mainSeries.setData(symbolData);

// 1. Calculate the indicator data from the source data
const smaData = calculateMovingAverageIndicatorValues(symbolData, {
	length: 20,
	source: 'close',
});

// 2. Create a new series for the indicator
const smaSeries = chart.addSeries(LineSeries, {
	color: 'blue',
	lineWidth: 2,
});

// 3. Set the calculated data on the new series
smaSeries.setData(smaData);
```

> :::info

Reviewer: Sounds like a potential issue. Should we use caution instead?
